[BILLIE EILISH'S "BAD GUY"]
[VOCALIZING]
♪ White shirt now red,
my bloody nose ♪
♪ Sleepin', you're
on your tippy toes ♪
♪ Creepin' around
like no one knows ♪
♪ Think you're so cynical ♪
♪ So you're a tough guy ♪
♪ Like it really rough guy ♪
♪ Just can't get enough guy ♪
♪ Chest always so puffed guy ♪
♪ I'm that bad type,
make your mama sad type ♪
♪ Make your girlfriend
mad tight ♪
♪ Might seduce your dad type ♪
[DISTORTING]
♪ I'm the bad guy ♪
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
♪ ♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hurry up.
We only got 15 minutes.
♪ ♪
Keep your mouth shut.
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[MUFFLED CRIES]
Synced & corrected by MaxPayne
== https://subscene.com ==
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Twenty two's up.
Yeah, I gotta figure out
what I'm gonna do.
[DOOR OPENS, BELL RINGS]
- Oh, thanks.
[DIALING KEY TONES]
[LINE TRILLING]
Viva, may I help you?
Hi, I'd like to
speak with Angela Perez.
She's not here right now.
May I take a message?
No, that's okay.
I'll just call her cell.
Thanks.
[LINE TRILLING]
Hello?
Hi, I'm looking
for Angela Perez.
Who's this?
Special Agent Maggie Bell.
Detective Bryan Conway, NYPD.
[FOREBODING MUSIC]
- Agent Bell.
- Yes.
Detective Bryan Conway.
Nice to meet you.
What happened?
Abduction.
Like I said on the phone.
Victim's name is Angela Perez.
Female, late 30s.
How do you know the victim?
We were working together
on a confidential matter.
We were supposed to meet
for coffee this morning.
That's why I called her cell.
If you want the case,
you got it.
We have a double murder
over in Bed-Stuy,
so I'm more than happy
to hand this one off.
Great.
What do you have so far?
Well, victim's cell phone,
recovered at the scene.
And a witness
named Allison Harper.
She saw the abduction.
Thank you.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Hey.
What's going on?
Angela Perez was abducted.
You're telling me the woman
we just found out was talking
to your husband prior
to his murder went missing?
Out of the blue?
Well not out of the blue,
per se.
I went to her office yesterday
after you told me about her.
- Did you talk to her?
- Yeah, I told her
that I was with the FBI
and I wanted to ask her
some questions about Jason.
She got really nervous
when I mentioned his name,
but she was willing
to talk to me.
She just didn't want
to speak in the office.
So we were going to meet
for coffee this morning.
She didn't show up.
Because she was too busy
getting abducted.
Do you think this is
connected to Jason?
That, I'm not sure about.
Look at this.
I think it had something to do
with this woman, Nicole Cramer.
So Jason is writing an article
about a tragic whiz kid,
meets Angela,
has dinner with her...
And then he gets murdered.
♪ ♪
Okay, I'm going
to go talk to the witness.
Why don't you head
over to Angela's apartment?
It was crazy.
It was like out of a movie.
It all happened so fast.
Can you be more specific?
The man, he was walking
down behind this woman.
They looked like
two young handsome
Wall Street types, you know?
Then out of nowhere he pops
the trunk,
puts a gun to her head,
throws her inside,
and drives off.
It took, like, two seconds.
It's like he was stalking her
until she got next to the car.
- What color was the car?
- It was dark. Grey or black.
Did you get the license plate?
- No.
- It's okay.
Which way did he drive off?
Thanks for the update.
I appreciate your candor.
And like I said,
there's no obvious connection
between Jason's murder
and Angela's abduction.
Not yet, anyway.
I understand,
but the mere fact that
there could be a connection
has me concerned.
Concerned about what?
Your ability to move forward
in an objective manner.
I'm fine.
I'm good, I promise.
Look, my sole focus
right now is to
find Angela as fast
as I possibly can.
And if somehow this case
turns out to be connected
to Jason's death,
then that's a bonus for me.
And if not...
Then it's not.
Okay.
Thank you.
Maggie.
I want to be kept in the loop
every step of the way.
And just so you know,
if there is a connection,
you will need to step aside.
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Grab all electronic devices.
We need to check the bedrooms
and bathrooms
for third-party DNA.
I'm sorry, you can't go inside.
I'm Angela's friend.
You need to let me in.
I live next door, please.
Let her in.
Go ahead.
Is Angela okay?
Did something happen?
Well, I'm sorry
to tell you this,
but Angela was abducted
at gunpoint this morning.
Oh, my God.
I was just with her last night.
I-I stopped by after work.
What was her mood like?
She was freaked out.
She said the FBI came
to her office
and started asking questions.
And she was saying
all these crazy things, too.
Like what?
Like she might end up dead.
Did she tell you
what was going on?
Why she thought the FBI
wanted to talk to her?
- No. I asked, but...
- What about her personal life?
Did she go to night clubs
or use drugs?
Angela?
God, no.
Her only vice is
working too much.
She's at her office 24/7.
Okay, do you know
her supervisor's name?
Angela's missing?
She was abducted
at gunpoint this morning.
Oh.
Where did this happen?
Outside of her apartment.
Brooklyn Heights.
Do you know if Angela
was in any kind of trouble?
She owed money to anybody?
No. No, she's incredibly
careful with her finances.
She's the Chief Financial
Officer for God's sake.
What about her personal life?
Anything unusual going on?
She split up with
her boyfriend a while back.
But she didn't really seem
that upset about it.
Well, what about him?
Was he upset?
I don't know.
Do you know his name?
Nathan Post.
He's an architect.
[PHONE BUZZING]
We used his firm
to design our hotels.
Okay. If you can think
of anything else.
Thank you.
Of course.
Kristen found
some video of the sedan
used in the abduction:
a black 2017 Ford Fusion,
registered to a 54-year-old
African American woman
named Candace Walters.
No priors.
But it wasn't reported yet
so whoever stole it
stole it recently.
Ian just tapped into
the car's GPS system.
Found its current location.
[CAR DOORS CLOSE]
We know how long
the car's been sitting here?
No. Ian and Kristen
are trying to pull up video
but they haven't found
anything yet.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
♪ ♪
I got the key.
Open up the trunk.
♪ ♪
[OMINOUS MUSIC BUILDS]
OA, there's a shoe.
Body!
It's her.
Son of a bitch just left
her here like she was garbage.
Cause of death is cerebral
anoxia due to strangulation.
Looks like he used a ligature.
Most likely a thin wire.
It was pretty violent, too.
Crushed the hyoid bone to pieces.
- Did he leave any DNA behind?
- No, nothing.
All we found were
trace amounts of neoprene.
He was most likely...
Wearing latex gloves.
Any sign of sexual assault?
No, but there is
evidence of abuse.
Or should I say torture?
Looks like someone pulled her
fingernails off with pliers.
God.
Clearly the killer was trying
to extract information.
And when he got what
he wanted or realized
she didn't know anything,
he strangled her.
So the question is,
who did the strangling?
And why did he want
her dead in the first place?
What did she know?
What was she doing?
How the hell does this
connect to Jason?
Well, since our abductor's
young and white
and the car owner
is not so young and white,
let's assume the car is stolen.
Check police reports,
local and state.
See if we can't find out where
this Ford Fusion was ripped.
We ID the car thief,
maybe we ID our killer too.
- Hey, Jubal?
- Yeah?
- You got a sec?
- Yeah, what's up?
Okay, well, I was helping
Maggie investigate
her husband's death
in my spare time,
and I...
What?
Tell me what's going on.
I discovered some texts
between Jason and Angela Perez.
This Angela Perez?
Yeah, they were in touch
prior to his death.
They actually had dinner
together the night
before his death,
and so I told Maggie.
And Maggie went to see her,
and...
Oh.
[CONTEMPLATIVE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
You didn't do anything wrong.
You were just
helping Maggie out.
Kris?
You got nothing
to feel guilty about.
Angela's death is not on you.
You understand that?
Okay.
Thank you.
Yeah. Okay, now find out
where the hell
that black car was stolen from.
Okay.
[TOOLS WHIRRING, BANGING]
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Where's Frank Donahue?
We were notified that
you filed a police report
regarding a stolen vehicle.
A black Ford Fusion.
Yeah, I got in this morning
about an hour ago
and I saw the window was broken.
So I looked around a little,
and I noticed a car's gone.
Did the security cameras
get anything?
No, they're broken.
I've been meaning
to get 'em fixed
but just haven't had a chance
to get 'em done.
Is this blood?
You try to clean this up?
Yeah, sort of.
It's my dog, Vinny.
That son of a bitch
who broke in, he shot him.
So I, uh...
I had to move him
to another room.
Sorry to hear that.
He was with me 11 years.
Rottweiler.
Spent his nights here.
You know, just in case
someone tried to break in.
Was he trained to attack
unwanted visitors?
Yeah.
He was good, too.
Do you mind if we get
one of our people
to check his nails for DNA?
Excuse me?
You said he's a guard dog.
So there's a chance
that he might've
bitten or scratched the thief.
If he did, we could use
those skin cells
to track down who shot Vinnie
and killed a woman,
Angela Perez.
Yeah.
- Jubal.
- Yep.
Ol' Vinny is a damn hero.
ERT recovered lots
of third-party skin cells
from underneath his nails
and paws.
- Did you get a hit?
- Carlos Sanchez.
Lots of priors.
He did three years in
Greenville for armed robbery.
Ran his name by OC and the word
is that he's a hit man.
Does lots of work for
Mexican drug cartels.
A cartel hit man involved in
the murder of a corporate CFO?
I know, there's definitely
a missing link somewhere.
Yeah.
Well, get Sanchez's
last known address
and bring his ass in,
and hopefully
he's the missing link.
Okay.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC]
Red Hook, 2421 98th Street.
Thanks, Kristen.
I'll call SWAT?
No, don't bother.
We're just apprehending
a suspect.
A suspect who's a known hit man.
Yeah, but more bodies,
more cars... look,
it's just more ways
for this thing to go sideways.
I get it.
You wanna to make sure
we take him alive
so you can get answers.
I want to get
this guy Sanchez too.
And you know that I'm willing
to do whatever it takes
to help you figure out
what happened to Jason.
But there's a conflict
of interest here.
We can't take shortcuts
or break protocol.
We have to treat this case
like it's any other case
even though it's not.
Yeah, you're right.
Call it in.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
- Breach.
- [GRUNTS]
- Federal agents!
- FBI!
Secure the lower level!
Lower level clear.
All clear.
Suspect spotted in the alley
heading eastbound on foot.
Copy that.
Deploying.
On the move.
SWAT team Bravo, take point.
Copy that.
Alpha, clear the channel.
[RAPID FOOTSTEPS]
Maggie, I got him!
♪ ♪
[GUNSHOTS]
Go, go!
- Take the shot!
- I can't!
I don't have a clear shot!
- Hurry up!
- Dude, just keep going.
♪ ♪
[TRUCK HORN BLARES]
[TIRES SCREECH]
This is Agent Zidan.
We need an ambulance
to Federal and 97th,
Red Hook, Brooklyn, now.
[WHISPERING] Come on.
Come on.
[POLICE SIRENS]
It's okay.
We're good.
We're going to crack this.
We know Sanchez was the killer.
We just need to find out
who hired him.
And whoever that person is
probably ordered
Jason's murder, too.
Yeah.
But what happened back there,
we can't let that happen again.
What are you talking about?
Did you have
a clear shot on Sanchez?
If I had a clear shot,
I would've taken it.
- Maggie.
- There were people
in the background.
I was worried about crossfire.
Maggie, I've seen you shoot.
You could've made that shot.
The people in the houses
weren't at risk.
But we were and so were
the civilians on the street.
Are you questioning my motives?
No.
I am concerned about
your state of mind.
I know you didn't want
to kill him.
And I know how much
this case means to you.
Of course I didn't
want to kill him.
We are this close to figuring
out what happened to Jason.
I can't afford
to make a mistake.
♪ ♪
I'll never forgive myself.
Yeah.
Okay.
I know you're not
asking for advice.
But at some point...
you have to absolve yourself
of all of this guilt.
[CONTEMPLATIVE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Life's for the living, right?
Yeah.
Thank you.
So somebody hires hit man
Sanchez to kill Angela Perez,
so the question is who?
Who wanted her dead?
Who hated her?
Who did she wrong?
Based on these messages...
looks like her ex-boyfriend
would answer, "Me, me, me."
- Really?
- Yeah, over the past few weeks
he sent her
some pretty nasty texts.
Angela tried to delete them,
but we were, of course,
able to un-delete them.
Of course.
Let me hear it.
"I always knew you were
poor brown trash."
- Oof.
- That was certainly unkind.
Yeah? Well, this one
is even more unkind.
"I hope you die a lonely
and miserable death."
See, that's why I don't date
anyone for more than a week.
Swipe left, swipe right.
There's no upside in getting
emotionally attached.
Ian Lim, who are you right now?
I reviewed all the CCTV footage
near Angela's office building
like you asked
and I found
something interesting.
[OMINOUS MUSIC]
This guy waits and waits.
Now watch this.
There's Angela.
As she leaves the building,
watch our mystery man
start to follow.
Uh-huh.
When was this?
Yesterday morning.
You run it through facial rec?
Yeah.
Didn't get a hit.
No need.
Stalker's Angela's ex.
Nathan Post.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute...
Nathan's an architect, right?
- Yeah.
- Well, check it out.
Hit man Sanchez got
an incoming call
from a landline
at DJK Architects
yesterday at 5:18 p.m.
[KNOCK ON TABLE]
- I'll call Maggie and OA.
- Yep.
Angela's... dead?
Wh... What do you...
wh... when? H-How?
This morning.
And apparently
she was strangled.
When was the last
time you saw her?
Um...
I don't know.
Three weeks ago?
W-We just broke up and...
the next day I went
to see her to
try to patch things up, but...
What prompted the breakup?
I proposed.
And she freaked out.
She said, "I'm not the person
you think I am.
I have this whole other
awful life,"
and the next morning
she texted me saying
she didn't want to go on.
That was it.
We were done.
She wouldn't take my calls,
return my texts...
I mean, you can't blame her.
I read some of the texts
you sent her.
Yeah.
They were awful.
I was really angry and confused.
Did Angela elaborate
on this whole other awful life
that she alluded to?
No.
And just to be clear...
The night that you proposed,
that was the last time
you saw her?
Yes.
Um, like I said,
three weeks ago.
Why would somebody that's
smart enough to go to Yale
be stupid enough
to lie to the FBI?
- What are you talking about?
- We saw you on video
outside Angela's office
building yesterday morning.
Wh... You think that I... no!
[STAMMERING]
I was there but...
I saw her, but I didn't
talk to her.
Well, that doesn't make sense.
I went there to confront her
to find out why the hell
she dumped me,
but then I changed my mind,
and I called my shrink instead.
I'm telling the truth.
I swear.
I was madly in love.
With Angela.
I...
I wanted...
I wanted to spend
my entire life with her.
And then she disappears
off the face of the earth?
I needed answers and...
closure.
So dating Nathan
while she was living
this so-called other life
is okay,
but once he proposes,
she gets nervous,
says she's not worthy,
and dumps his ass.
I mean... what, to protect him
from this whole other
awful life she was living?
Kristen, thank you so much
for coming in.
I know it's late.
Are you kidding?
I love people with double lives.
I dated this guy for two weeks
who swore he was a Rockefeller
even after I saw his basement
apartment in Queens.
- What?
- Mm-hmm.
You're in the FBI.
He fully committed to it too.
So, um, Angela,
the only unusual thing
I learned about her...
she spends a lot of time
in Mexico.
She's wealthy.
She likes to travel.
What's so unusual about that?
Well, she doesn't go to
places wealthy people
usually go, like the beach.
I mean, over the last
12 months she's gone
to Chihuahua six times
and Cancun once.
Six times to
a small city south of El Paso
and once to a beach resort.
That's an odd ratio.
I pulled some photos
off the cloud
of that Cancun trip.
Mmhmm.
You see this guy?
He's in six different photos.
Boyfriend?
No, I don't think so.
Look, this is
the same guy, same trip,
with a different woman.
I'm thinking, maybe his wife?
And three really cute kids.
Did you run him
through facial rec?
I was just about to.
Hold on.
[KEYBOARD CLACKING, MOUSE CLICKS]
Ernesto Moya.
Ring a bell?
Yeah.
A very loud and dangerous one.
He's the head
of the Juárez Cartel.
You're telling me
that our workaholic CFO
spends her weekends
with a major cartel boss?
Well, if nothing else,
I think we've figured out
this whole other awful life
Angela was talking about.
Ladies and gentleman,
meet Ernesto Moya,
ruthless leader
of the Juarez Cartel.
Mr. Moya is also
a proud graduate
of Woodbridge Academy
and Harvard University.
After graduation, Señor Moya,
he moved back to his hometown
of Chihuahua and joined
the family business
selling massive amounts
of pure cocaine to Americans.
Oh yeah, and killing anyone and
everyone who got in his way.
Questions: What is Moya's
connection to Angela Perez?
Why is a diligent CFO
associating with a cartel boss
and is said association
somehow connected to her murder?
Top three answers gets a cookie.
Go to work.
Does Moya have any connection
with the ex-boyfriend, Nathan?
We've checked.
Can't find anything.
I've been going through
the surveillance footage
we pulled from
the architectural firm.
Nathan left the office yesterday
at 5:01 p.m.
Hmm.
He wasn't even in the building
when the call was made
to Sanchez.
So, he didn't make
that call to Sanchez.
- Doesn't look like it.
- Which suggests that the real
shot caller knew Angela well
and was in the building
at 5:18 p.m.
Right.
So we need a list of everyone
that was in the building
at 5:18 p.m.
and cross-reference
it against anyone
with a known connection
to Angela.
We already did that.
Of course you did.
There were 623 people
in the building,
none of whom had
a known connection
to the victim except one.
Her boss.
Sophie Keller.
She was in
the building at 5:18?
She was but her company
uses DJK Architects
to design their hotels
and restaurants, so...
It could be nothing.
Or... not.
She went to Woodbridge.
She graduated the same year
as Ernesto Moya.
So they would know each other.
Which means...
I have no idea.
Yeah.
That makes two of us.
I'll go talk to Maggie.
I'll see if she knows
something we don't.
Yeah.
The only thing that makes
sense to me is that when Jason
was doing his piece on Nicole,
he meets Angela Perez.
- Right.
- And he stumbles onto
something intriguing,
clearly something criminal.
So he presses her
for more information.
Angela gets nervous,
and so she tells someone.
And that someone
ordered Jason's murder.
The threat goes away,
everything goes back to normal,
until you go to Angela's office.
And then what?
Well, she gets nervous again
and tells the same someone.
So our question is:
Who's ordering these murders?
And why.
I mean, what is this all about?
Was Angela running drugs,
or did Angela meet Moya
through Keller
and set something up
on the side to run drugs,
or is Sophie Keller
actually involved in this?
I'd say the latter.
Why?
Take a look at this.
"Is V a front for M?"
I found that in
Jason's notebook.
Is Viva, the hotel company,
a front for...
Moya?
Now we just have to prove it.
Yep.
So Viva's been laundering
hundreds of millions
of dollars for Moya.
There are about ten different
shell corporations and LLC's.
It's all right here.
It's pretty obvious, too.
So Angela Perez got killed
because she got caught up
in this money laundering scheme.
She had to have known.
She was the CFO.
So you go to see Angela and
you tell her you want to talk,
she gets spooked,
she goes to Keller,
and says,
"I think the FBI's on to me."
So Keller calls one
of Moya's hit men
and has him
take care of the problem.
Sounds right to me.
Do you believe that Jason's
death is connected to this?
That's hard to say, for sure.
But yes.
I do.
Okay, let's bring Keller
in right away.
But I want you to step down,
Maggie.
It's gotten too personal.
What?
Dana.
Look.
I wake up every morning...
thinking about Jason's death.
And every night I go to bed
wondering if there's anything
that I possibly could've done
to prevent anything
from happening.
Please, don't take
this from me now.
I need to see this through
to the end, okay?
I need to see the look
on Keller's face
when I arrest her for murder.
I can't do this without you.
I need your support.
Please back me up.
I want to move on from this.
Oh, Maggie.
[SIGHS]
Okay.
But you have to play this
by the book,
'cause this is not
about revenge.
This is about justice,
do you understand?
Yes.
I understand.
Hey.
Did you pull her?
No.
Oh.
I thought you said...
I changed my mind.
You sure about this?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
- We're here for Sophie Keller.
- She's not here.
- Where'd she go?
- I'm not sure.
♪ ♪
- Do you have a warrant?
- Move.
I asked you a simple question.
Do you have a search warrant?
If so, I'd like to see it now.
If not,
get the hell out of here.
- You need to back off.
- Maggie, hey, I got it.
I got it.
We don't have a warrant because
we don't need a warrant.
Exigent circumstances.
- Where'd she go?
- I told you...
If I find out that
you know where she went
or you ordered a car
for her on her behalf,
I'm gonna charge you
with obstruction.
Is that what you want?
You wanna go to prison
for Sophie Keller? Huh?
Where did she go?
She's headed to the airport.
Republic, Long Island.
Her banker called, she
freaked out, and she took off.
That's all I know,
I swear to God.
We ran Keller's financials.
She's a partial owner of a G-V that's
currently on the runway at Republic.
Just got eyes on the flight manifest.
Keller's the sole passenger
on a flight for Juárez
leaving in five minutes.
Okay, get in touch with
Air Traffic Control.
That plane doesn't leave the ground.
- Right.
- The plane is scheduled
to leave any minute, but Keller
isn't at the airport.
We're up in all their surveillance cameras.
No sign of her or her car anywhere.
Maybe she had a change of plans.
Someone in her office
must've tipped her off.
Well, we have the make, model,
and license plate of the car.
It's in the manifest.
Okay, yeah. Sully, we need an
emergency Title III wire right away.
Yes Sir.
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Kristen, we're good, go!
Great.
Bingo.
I'm up in the GPS system.
Okay.
Maggie, OA.
What's up?
Keller's car is now heading east
on the Grand Central Parkway.
Opposite direction of Republic.
Copy that. We'll head
in that direction now.
All right, people.
Let's get out in front of this!
Let's figure out
where Keller's heading
before she gets there.
[TIRES SQUEALING]
Okay, just activated
the vehicle's
theft recovery system.
We now have ears inside the car.
I'll be there in ten minutes.
I need food and water, too.
I don't care how much it costs,
just make sure
the damn thing goes fast.
She's heading north on
the Whitestone Expressway.
Is there another private
airport over there?
No, but there's a marina.
She's taking a boat.
Guys, I think she's going
to College Point Boatyard.
Copy, we're on our way.
[ENGINE REVVING]
[PHONE BUZZING]
Oh, God.
It's the director.
Hello, sir.
Yes, I knew she was
going to her office.
I understand, but...
There must be more
to the story because Agent Bell
is a consummate professional,
but I'll look into it, yes.
Thank you, sir.
- Is everything all right?
- ADIC Fritz.
Evidently Maggie was a little
too aggressive at Viva.
The security guard used to be
a former NYPD captain
and called his old buddy Fritz.
Well, knowing Maggie,
she was just doing her job.
Asking questions,
looking for leads.
She was there to apprehend
a murder suspect,
not to have tea
with the Queen of England.
Right.
We're heading north on
College Point Boulevard.
We just crossed
over 15th Street.
Do you have eyes
on the suspect's vehicle?
Yes, Keller's black Mercedes
is a quarter mile
farther east on 125th Street.
Copy that, where are we
with the backup units?
On their way, approximately
three miles west of your 20.
There they are, right there.
We have eyes on
the suspect's vehicle.
Great.
Turn on your body cams
and do your thing.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[CAR HORN HONKING]
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[ENGINES REVVING]
[TIRE SQUEALING]
Suspect's on foot.
We're in pursuit.
I'm going after Keller.
Maggie, I want OA
to take the lead.
Do not engage with the suspect
unless absolutely necessary.
There's too much
at risk right now.
Don't move!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC]
♪ ♪
[FOOTSTEPS DEPARTING]
[DRAMATIC MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
♪ ♪
[FOOTSTEPS]
Sophie!
Stop! Stop!
It's over.
Turn around.
Put your hands up.
Turn around
and put your hands up.
- No.
- Now.
You can't be
in her ear right now.
Gotta let her do her thing.
I said, turn around
and put your hands up!
[HEAVY BREATHING]
I didn't mean
for this to happen!
I didn't want anyone
to get hurt!
- You need to shut your mouth.
- I didn't want to do this.
They made me.
They made you?
They made you
launder drug money?
They made you hire a hit man
and kill Angela Perez?
And Jason Bell?
He was my husband.
And you had him killed.
I'm sorry.
I really am.
[SOFTLY] No.
I didn't have a choice!
Look, I'm a victim, too!
You're pathetic.
- Moya...
- You need to stop walking.
He loaned me money to get
my company off the ground
and he just kept pressing me.
Stop walking.
- And pressing me.
- You better stop walking.
- And he wouldn't stop!
- Stop walking
or I will shoot!
[TENSE MUSIC]
♪ ♪
Fine.
Do it.
Shoot me!
Come on, Maggie.
♪ ♪
Come on, pull the trigger!
Maggie!
[GRUNTING]
- Ahh!
- You're under arrest
for the murder of Angela Perez
and Jason Bell.
Okay.
[EXHALES]
She played it right.
By the book.
Yeah.
We got lucky.
[APPLAUSE]
[CONGRATULATORY CHATTER]
- Nice work.
- Yes. Great, great job.
Maggie, you played it perfectly.
Thank you.
Thank you for trusting me.
I'm so glad you were able
to make the arrest.
Speaking of arrest,
Sophie Keller
just rolled on Moya.
She gave up everything
she could on the drive back.
Biggest cartel boss
we've ever busted.
If it weren't for Jason,
none of this
would have ever happened.
It was his curiosity
and his courage
that got the ball rolling.
[SOLEMN MUSIC]
He was an amazing guy.
♪ ♪
[EXHALES]
I'm so happy this is over.
Yeah.
Me too.
Excuse me.
- Hey.
You okay?
It got kind of
emotional in there.
It happens.
Yeah, it does.
But you're good?
Yup. I'm fine, thank you.
All right.
- Hey, Jubal.
- Yeah.
Um... I do want
to tell you something.
I just submitted
my retirement papers.
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC]
What?
It's time.
I didn't realize
that until today.
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
Because...
For the first time in my career,
I made a decision
based on feelings,
not logic.
Empathy, not protocol.
I tried to help Maggie
get closure
'cause I like her and I wanted
her to feel good again,
but that was a huge mistake.
A mistake that could've cost
her her career.
Or worse.
♪ ♪
Is this, like, official?
Yep. I'm going to tell
the rest of the team tomorrow.
I don't want to step
on Maggie's victory.
She's in a good place.
Let her enjoy it.
♪ ♪
It's the right decision.
I'm excited.
Well...
if you're excited,
then I'm happy for you.
Thank you.
But you will be missed.
Well, I hope a little.
[LAUGHS]
Thank you.
Let's get dinner.
Like, a real dinner.
We've been partners
for ten months
and we still haven't had
a proper meal together.
If you ask me,
it's time we change that.
I agree.
We can toast to new beginnings.
Sounds good to me.
Like that brilliant
Egyptian philosopher once said,
"As hard as it is to accept,
life is for the living."
[EMOTIONAL MUSIC BUILDS]
♪ ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org